feat(ssr): Same-origin fetch cookie passthrough (#1847)
sveltejs/kit: documentation/docs/03-loading.md

> When `fetch` runs on the server, the resulting response will be serialized and inlined into the rendered HTML. This allows the subsequent client-side `load` to access identical data immediately without an additional network request.

> > Cookies will only be passed through if the target host is the same as the SvelteKit application or a higher subdomain of it.

Reviewer: To me "domain.com" is higher than "my.domain.com". Maybe we can use another word?

```suggestion
> Cookies will only be passed through if the target host is the same as the SvelteKit application or a more specific subdomain of it.
```
